A “design document” for your project in the form of a Markdown file called DESIGN.md that discusses, technically, how you implemented your project and why you made the design decisions you did. Your design document should be at least several paragraphs in length. Whereas your documentation is meant to be a user’s manual, consider your design document your opportunity to give the staff a technical tour of your project underneath its hood.

images folder: I used the images folder as a tool to organize all my assets into one location to refer to.

index.html: This was the initial html file, which I made as a home-base because that's what its for. The head and body are like any other website, and then in the body, I added a header section to balance it, and sort it properly such that it would show just the heading. The heading contained a nav bar that was connected to the style.css to make sure that it looked a little more modern and sleek than the one that my dad used. It is clear and it directs you to all the other pages on the website smoothly. Additionally, I added a logo to the top left just like the old website, but unlike the old website, I turned it into a secret button that would give you a 10% coupon that he did with the pennants. This was only applied to the home page because it makes more sense for the logo to direct back home. TO make the popup function work, I created a script in the bottom that would show the little popup coupon and the close function which would hide this entire popup. Now we also had the wallpaper that my dad used, but I changed the gradient over it so we could see the text clearly over the wallpaper. Additionally we have a section talking about the 3 main courses or fields Einstein Lab covers, which we modified through the row class in style.css which would divide the 3 courses evenly. Afterwards, I added a college section where we would celebrate all the Einstein Lab students and where they were going, and that would also be split into two sections in the row class. Finally, I added a testimonials anda contact sections using html and stlye.css, such that we would evenly distribute the testimonials, but also such that we could read what people really thought of the organization, and then for the contact, it would just lead you to the contact page of the website. We also have a footer that we applied to every other website, which just has the contact information of Einstein Lab. Overall, I made this part of the website very minimalistic and symmetric.

direction.html: This was quite simple. I had a subheader to change it from the initial header of the homepage, with the title that shows that you are on the direction page of the website, and this is very similar to a normal header but just smaller text, and this was applied to every other page of the website. Now we also have the normal setup for the website like described in the index.html page, including the nav bar, logo, the wallpaper, and the footer. However, I wrote the address and then embedded the google maps location to the website which helped people see where the office was.

contact.html: Now for contact.html, it was kind of complicated? We have the normal setup for the website like described in the index.html page, including the nav bar, logo, the wallpaper, and the footer. But basically, we also created a form that would give you boxes to fill out, like your email, and your message, which would send that message through the formspree, so that we could see the email. It would ask for inputs like the email, name, subject, and message, and allow the user to send by pressing a button

math.html: Of course we have the normal setup for every page on the website, but we also had more here. Like the older website, I had the logo out, and then I wrote a bunch about the actual mathematics courses at Einstein Lab, using the row class to move this text to the left of the image. I used <ol> as to create a numbered list like in the old website.

summer.html: Of course once again, we have the normal setup for every page on the website, but here, I did the same thing as in math.html, showing everything that the Einstein Lab summer program offers using <ul> to do it with a bulleted list, but additionally, I embedded the pdf so that the visitors can read the summer program brochure. I also added a download button so the user could download the pdf if they wanted, just like the old website. Finally, all the way at the bottom, I used the contact class to do the same as in the homepage, sending you to potentially contact Einstein lab to learn more. 

style.css: Finally, this is the dirtiest part of the website, as there is just so much. I organized it for your comfort when reading the css code into the different sections of the website, but also they cover different features in the website, primarily the font of the text, the padding/positioning of every object in the website, the size of the figures, and then even functions for the popup. This is written in the comments, but basically I used style.css to also make it work on mobile devices, or at least look a little better on it.
